CASMCMS-8720: Update docs for CFS v3 and paging (#4283)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Create the CFS configuration to use for image customization.

>     See [Create a CFS Configuration](CFS_Configurations.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information on creating CFS configurations, see [CFS Configurations](CFS_Configurations.md).
```
